welcome to another edition of flying
squirrels insider in for Anthony
oppermann I am John laser I think a
broader statement of chris heston
success is where we are in the game of
baseball people value the radar gun so
much and lighting that up and having
that electricity and they devalue the
ability to pitch and really baffle
hitters and confuse them and that's what
Chris Heston does he's out thinking
people with better stuff than people
thought that he had Wes we just saw a
piece on Tommy Joseph and of course he's
in a position that you were a couple of
years ago very young highly touted
prospect in the system you got the
weight of the world on his shoulders and
I know you've had that in your career
certainly now a little more of a veteran
in this Clubhouse definitely not old i'm
not going to call you that here on the
set but definitely not 20 years old
either how do you make that adjustment
from being viewed that way to being
looked at the way you are now i think
the future is very bright for this
ballclub i don't think there's any team
that's going to run away because also
what happens with those veteran-laden
ball clubs you need guys to fill at
upper levels and generally they don't
stay there the entire season and also
they slowed a little bit as some of that
youth gets that experience and is able
to exploit the reasons why they're older
guys and they're at the double-a level
so things will even out I look for this
to be a three or four team race come
july august and on into the first week
of September number 21 Perez I've
actually heard him he mimics you on the
bus so he introduces himself is isn't
quite as good but it's close to as good
speaking of it was a bold move on our
behalf to bring a guy on we've never had
you on the radio broadcast by the way
and that's not changing because that was
one thing I learned in broadcasting
school was you never bring a guy on to
your airwaves that has a better voice
than you what we've losing that battle
and now as people know he's also a more
attractive individual than Anthony and I
I don't know I've ever seen a squirrel
surge like this so quickly so
impressively and because of this speed
he makes things happen once he reaches
the basis you know what that surge
started actually not coincidentally it
started the day that he appeared with us
here on squirrels insider I think I'm
joking but I'm not well i was actually
came in here and i got him right now
you're right he made some big
adjustments with Ken Joyce in the
batting cage and he has been on a tear
as the squirrels have been going
into the all-star break they win seven
of nine games John including taking a
series from first place Akron then they
sweep second place reading out of the
Eastern Division going into that break I
introduced you there how pretty much
everybody has since the latest rankings
came out from Baseball America as the
Giants top prospect there's a stigma
that comes with that and some pressures
too I might imagine how have you dealt
with those pressures it's very rare as I
was saying to come up here and dominate
the eastern league right off the bat
because you have so many things going
against you don't have a familiarity
with a lot of the pitchers a lot of
these guys playing in bad environments
weather-wise for the first time in their
careers so you don't necessarily expect
a guy to light the world on fire at the
beginning which i think is why the last
couple of weeks have been very
encouraging you can definitely see
advancement and progression at the plate
from Tommy Joseph most noteworthy but
over the last few days Gary Browns
gotten it going at the top of the order
and so much affected in that flying
squirrels offensive approach with what
Brown does or doesn't do Adrianza
comfortable in the field from the outset
and seemingly swinging the bat very well
from the right side of the plate
beginning the season and now starting to
get it going a little bit on the left
and his on-base percentage rising as his
selection process has gotten better all
right Tommy now a couple of keys to
hitting the ball soft be right there
handle shots things a bit but your
average will thank you a little
rope-a-dope tactic you little been going
yeah we call that one the Texas two-step
filet mignon that's the Mexican Hat
dance there are some quality arms in the
bullpen red bow cheese having a
fantastic season Daryl Maday has been
that veteran presence and we've seen the
emergence of Tom vesela not only in his
acting roles and his directing roles
here on flying squirrels insider but on
the mound he's having an awesome
campaign as well but it is the starting
pitching that leads this ballclub we
knew that going into the season that it
was going to be we didn't know that it
was going to be this good Mike Kickham
on an absolute roll right now including
seven no-hit innings earlier this week
against the Harrisburg Senators one of
the finest pitching performances I've
seen at the double-a level and it came
on the heels of another fine pitching
performance that we saw on this level
and that's my kick I'm actually arriving
at the ballpark via shop
right now because that's the status that
he has obtained chris heston mill making
his last start here and looking a lot
like the guy from the first half who was
otherworldly and leading the flying
squirrels seemingly to victory every
five days it's going to be a huge part
of it and don't forget Justin Fitzgerald
the anchor of the starting rotation has
been spectacular since the all-star
break as well I'm sitting right here in
what is known as the broadcasters seat
in just a second we'll see why this bus
is a little bit different than your
standard coach bus but one thing is
always the same you always have your
slotting system for seats they always
remain unchanged unless the roster turns
over but that never happens for
broadcasters so here we are third seat
back on the right the only way you can
defer from that is if your third seat
back on the left it will go manager
hitting coach radio broadcaster on the
right pitching coach athletic trainer
strength coach on the left chaos after
that as we take a look at Brett right
here you have to see what the newcomer
has to endure out to the bullpen and
Justin I want you to tell us a little
bit about this bag and why you make
boats carried he's a good guy I just
don't see the rationale behind it you
guys maybe throw that split change
differently just throw it right at the
camera there and don't worry about
breaking it all on the house all right
thanks to right-hander Justin Fitzgerald
school starter and squirrels right
entered closer Brett Bochy for being
here really glad they could break down
the split-finger change and also rets
relationship in odd one with the Disney
Princesses I'm taking the bag with me
however because we're out of time on
flying squirrels insider from a
broadcast partner Anthony Oppermann our
show producer Craig Keaton and our
entire crew my thanks for joining us on
flying squirrels insider we'll see you
again soon
you